7#7#Tips on Buying Mother's Day Gift Hampers8#8#x
To give you some idea for gift baskets on Mother's Day there are : 

Mothers Day Gift Basket of Flowers
Mothers Day Gift Basket of Perfumes
Mothers Day Gift Basket of Chocolates
Mothers Day Gift Basket of Cookies
Mothers Day Gift Basket for New Mothers
Mothers Day Gift Basket of Gourmet Food


7#7#Most Popular Mothers Day Flower Arrangements:8#8#x
Mixed bouquets
Carnations
Daffodils
Roses
Tulips
Freesia
Pot chrysanthemums
Iris
Lily
Foliage plants

7#7#
Mothers Day Decoration Tips 
8#8#x
Given below are some guidelines that will help you plan a special Mothers Day party decoration.
Clean the house thoroughly. Mothers want everything to be neat and properly set. 

Decoration of the place should match the theme of the party. Theme of the party itself gives you many ideas of how to decorate the home. 

Hang beautiful tissue curtains, change cushion covers and lay a beautiful tablecloth. 

Display photographs of your mom with you in the party. This gives a feel to the celebration of mother's day. A colorful bright banner saying, " Mum, you are the best in this world" or " Happy Mothers Day" will surely fill tears in your mom's eyes. 

The party room can be filled with Happy Mother's Day imprinted balloons. This is a unique idea. 

You can make a handmade card with some beautiful mother love quotes written inside and paste them on the wall. 

Decorate interior and exterior of the house with fragrant flowers. Garland swags can be made and hung around the entrance gate. 

Streamers also add variety to Mothers Day party decoration. 

Lights are the most attractive part of the party decoration. Lights create mood for the party celebration. 

Scented candles can be placed at various corners of the house. Table laid for food should have lighted candles placed on it. 

Embellish your house with beautiful motif spring flower place mats.

7#7#
Popular Books on Mothers 
8#8#x
Rosie by Anne Lamott
Journey into Motherhood by Leslie Kirk Campbell
I Love My Mommy Because by Laurel Porter-Gaylord
Are You My Mother? by P. D. Eastman
Mama, do you love me by Barbara M. Joosse
The Mask of Motherhood by Susan Maushart
The Book of Mothers' Wisdom by L. Hoffman
The Gift of Motherhood: 10 Truths for Every Mother
Clifford's Happy Mother's Day by Norman Bridwell



7#7#
Homemade Mother's Day Gift Ideas
8#8#x
A father may turn his back on his child, brothers and sisters may become inveterate enemies, husbands may desert their wives, wives their husbands. But a mother's love endures through all. ~Washington Irving

Mother's Day is a celebration of all mothers and of the everlasting bond that all mothers share with the children. A mothers selfless love is the epitome of all feelings that one human being can feel for the other. We often wish to do everything we can to express the depth of our feelings for our mothers. One way of doing so is by adding a personal touch to the preparations and to the gifts.

Homemade Mother's Day gift ideas are a definitive solution to a successful celebration. Here is a collection of Mother's Day crafts and gift ideas that are sure to inspire kids to make their mom something special!

A Scrapbook for Your Mother
One of the most creative and thoughtful gifts is a scrapbook. It is also an unusual yet practical Mother's Day gifts. It all depends on the ideas that one brings the basic concept of scrap booking. The first step in making a scrapbook for your mother is deciding on a theme. Once that is decided, the next step is arranging for the materials that would go in to making this idea a success. These are, in no particular order, photographs, thoughts, poems or anecdotes, decorative things like glitter, coloured paper and the album or frame in which the scrapbook would take shape. 

Mother's Day Homemade Candles
Discover the artist in you to make homemade candles or decorate store-bought candles for a really beautiful gift on Mother's Day. The decorations include adding other accessories to the candles, or beautifying them with embellishments or spray painting the candles and so on. The hand crafted gift of candles will take a centre stage among all other decoratives in your home. 

Hand Designed Pillow for Your Mother
You and your mother are sure to reminisce this Mothers Day for a long time to come. You can do that by dressing up a pillow with a picture of you and/or your mom or painting it with a picturesque design or adding lace and ribbons to it. Let your creative juices flow and the the result would be a happy mother and a very happy you.

A Delicious Mother's Day Celebration
Bake a delicious cake for her on Mother's Day. Make sure to decorate it nicely and write your message on it. Organise a Mother's Day party or get-to-gether for her. This can be done easily with a little planning and effort. You can prepare the meal or take someones help in doing so. Be careful about the atmosphere as much as the food and the setting.

7#7#
Mother's Day Celebrations in USA
8#8#x
Mothers have always held a special place in our societal and family structures for thousands of years. Unlike fatherhood, which can be said to be an indirect relationship, motherhood is a natural and very strong bond between a mother and a child.

Mother's Day History in USA
In the United States of America the history of Mother's Day goes back to the late 19th century. The concept of observing Mother's Day as a day for peace was first suggested in the United Sates by Julia Ward Howe in 1872, this was right after the Franco Prussian War. Other names that can be associated with Mother's Day are Mary Towles Sasseen, Frank E. Hering, and Anna Jarvis.

Anna Jarvis was unmarried and was left alone with only her sister when her mother passed away in 1905. She realised the role that mothers play in our life and felt that we fail to recognise and appreciate our mothers enough when they are alive. This was how that Anna, with the help of some friends began a letter-writing campaign in support of observing a national Mother's Day holiday. She succeeded in reaching out to influential leaders of those times, like William Taft, Theodore Roosevelt, and John Wannamaker. This gave a much needed awareness to the idea. 

It was this lady who first requested her mother's church in West Virginia to celebrate Mother's Day on the second anniversary of her mother's death, the 2nd Sunday of May. Carnations, her mother's favourite flowers graced the occasion. In the next couple of years Mother's Day celebrations spread throughout the country to almost every state. In 1914, President Woodrow Wilson signed a joint resolution of Congress recommending that Congress and the executive branch of government recognize the observance of Mother's Day.

Mother's Day Around the World
Mother's Day, the day that celebrates mothers and the spirit of motherhood is now celebrated in around 40 countries of the world. There are many references that can be drawn to this celebration. As Mother's Day USA is celebrated in the second Sunday of May in other countries as well. These include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, Italy, Japan, and Turkey.

Significance of Mother's Day Flowers
Mother's Day has, since its inception has had a very obvious affiliation with flowers. The tradition of giving flowers on Mother's Day is a reflection of our deep feelings for our mothers.

White carnations are the blossoms of choice on Mother's Day as they are symbolic of the sweetness, purity and endurance of a mother's love. Pink or red carnations have been considered the symbol of a living mother whereas white ones signify those mothers who have passed away.

Nature of Mother's Day Celebrations in USA
Mother's Day is a popular national holiday in the United States of America. Even so that the national flag is hoisted on every house and important buildings on the occasion of Mother's Day. Children make special meals for their mothers and relieve them of their motherly duties on this occasion. Get-to-gethers with members of the family and getaways for a day or couple of days are planned. Children also present skits, plays and song in their mother's honour.

Homemade cards, crafts and gifts are also given to mothers by some people. Those who do not feel so creative procure Mother's Day gifts and Mother's Day cards from the marketplaces. The day is to express gratitude and give respects to a mother's unconditional and selfless love for her children.

