xxxx  Spain (2008)  yyyy 11-11 spain_team 11-11 Casillas, Ramos, Marchena, Puyol, Capdevila, Senna, Iniesta, Xavi, Silva, Villa, Torres.( European Champions ) Discard the back four, and this is one of the most perfect line-ups imaginable. With David Villa and Fernando Torres in front of a mouth-watering midfield of Marcos Senna, Andres Iniesta, Xavi and David Villa, it's no wonder Spain swept away their tag of nearly men last year.

xxxx Holland (1974)  yyyy 11-11 holland_team 11-11 Jongbloed, Krol, Rijsbergen, Suurbier, Haan, Van Hanegem, Jansen, Neeskens, Cruyff, Rensenbrink, Rep.( World Cup runners up ) The 1974 World Cup winners have already featured in this list at No 29. But most sided with Johan Cruyff and the Total Football kings when Holland were conquered by West Germany in 1974. How could you resist those orange shirts.


xxxx Hungary (1954)  yyyy 11-11 hungery_team 11-11 Grosics, Buzanszky, Lantos, Bozsik, Lorant, Zakarias, Toth, Czibor, Kocsis, Hidegkuti, Puskas.( World Cup runners up ) The legendary Ferenc Puskas led the fabled Magnificent Magyars, with a fair bit of help from Sandor Kocsis, to within fingertips of ultimate glory. The attacking trailblazers were cruelly beaten by West Germany in the World Cup final, 16 years after suffering the same fate at the hands of Italy.


xxxx AC Milan (1989) yyyy 11-11 ac_milan_team 11-11 Galli, Tassotti, Costacurta, Baresi, Maldini, Ancelotti, Rijkaard, Colombo, Donadoni, Gullit, Van Basten ( European Cup winners, Super Cup, Intercontinental Cup ) The team with typically uncompromising Italian defenders, more than a flavour of Dutch flair - and an English name! This side - with the outstanding Marco van Basten and Ruud Gullit striking fear into the opposition - looked damn good in those rossoneri stripes, too.


xxxx England (1966) yyyy 11-11 england_team 11-11 Banks, Cohen, J Charlton, Moore, Wilson, Stiles, Ball, B Charlton, Peters, Hurst, Hunt. ( World champions ) England's pride - yet not good enough to make the top of our list. Perhaps one day the Three Lions will win the top prize again, joining the legends of Banks, Charlton, Hurst and Moore as names etched on the hearts of a nation.


xxxx  Arsenal (2004) yyyy 11-11 arsenal_team 11-11 Lehmann, Lauren, Campbell, Toure, Cole, Ljungberg, Gilberto Silva, Vieira, Pires, Bergkamp, Henry. ( English League champions ) The Invincibles. Need one say more? Arsenal took the moniker first given to Preston some 120 years earlier by going a whole season unbeaten on their way to lifting the League title. Arsene Wenger's finest moment - and one he is unlikely ever to match.


xxxx Liverpool (1984) yyyy 11-11   liverpool_team 11-11 Grobbelaar, Neal, Kennedy, Hansen, Lawrenson, Whelan, Dalglish, Lee, Rush, Johnston, Souness. ( European Cup winners, English league champions, League Cup winners ) It's hard to pick a fault in this Liverpool side. Deadly striker Ian Rush scored 47 goals as he led the side to a fantastic treble. Bruce 'Wobbly Legs' Grobbelaar was the hero in an memorable European Cup final penalty shoot-out in Rome.


xxxx Real Madrid (1960) yyyy 11-11 Real_madrid_team 11-11 Dominguez, Marquitos, Santamari, Pachin, Vidal, Zarraga, Canario, Del Sol, Di Stefano, Puskas, Gento. ( European Cup winners, Intercontinental Cup winners ) Ferenc Puskas makes his second appearance in this top 10, this time in the iconic white of Real Madrid. The 1960 side claimed Los Merengues' fifth successive European Cup - as well as being crowned kings of the world - with Madrid's finest: Alfredo di Stefano banging in the goals.


xxxx Manchester United (1999) yyyy 11-11 Manunited_team 11-11 Schmeichel, Neville, Stam, Johnsen, Irwin, Beckham, Keane, Scholes, Giggs, Yorke, Cole .( Champions League winners, English league champions, FA Cup winners ) Reached new heights with their fantastic Treble-winning achievement. The closing moments of that night in Barcelona turned a rather drab European Cup final into arguably the most dramatic of all time - and made legends of Sir Alex Ferguson's XI.


xxxx  Brazil (1970) yyyy 11-11 brazil_team 11-11 Felix, Brito, Piazza, Carlos Alberto, Everaldo, Clodoaldo, Gerson, Jairzinho, Tostao, Pele, Rivelino. ( World champions ) Sublime, inventive, breath-taking... words which fail to do justice to the beauty which Brazil's heroes of 1970 gave the world on the biggest stage. This was futebol-arte, this was Pele in his last World Cup, this was the side that produced perhaps the finest team goal of all time in the final against Italy. No wonder they let them keep the trophy.




